fix misleading user performance data (#1633)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/README.md

{% emqxce %}

> - **Massive Scale**: Scale to 100 million concurrent MQTT connections with a single EMQX 5.0 cluster. This figure is 10m for version 4.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Massive Scale**: Each EMQX node supports up to 2 million concurrent MQTT connections, and each EMQX cluster can support up to 10 million concurrent MQTT connections.
```

Author: 这里的文档还是 4.x 版本，想告诉用户 4.x 只有 10M 连接，同时说 5.0 有更大的连接
